⬆️ Update `munich-quantum-toolkit/core` from v3.4.1 to v3.6.0 (#907)
cda-tum/mqt-qcec: UPGRADING.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.6.0]

This release brings extended support for multi-controlled gates that was introduced in https://github.com/munich-quantum-toolkit/core/pull/1380 to the ZX-calculus checker.

> This release also updates the minimum required `mqt-core` version to `v3.5.1` as well as the `nanobind` version to `v2.12.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also updates the minimum required `mqt-core` version to `v3.6.0` as well as the `nanobind` version to `v2.12.0`.
```
